Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. - Robert F. Kennedy
It's a good day to be happy. - Anonymous
When it rains look for rainbows. - Oscar Wilde
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did. - Newt Gingrich
In order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision. - Dalai Lama
Be helpful. When you see a person without a smile, give them yours. - Zig Ziglar
You've got to be willing to lose everything to gain yourself. - Iyanla Vanzant
You can alter mood by running. - Tumpal Sihombing
Simple to open a shop; another thing to keep it open. - Chinese Proverb
Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now. - Denis Waitley
You are so much more than what you are going through. - John Tew
Champions keep playing until they get it right. - Billie Jean King
The first duty of love is to listen. - Paul Tillich
A beautiful thing is never perfect. - Egyptian Proverb
There are two things a person should never be angry at: what they can help, and what they cannot. - Plato
Every accomplishment begins with the decision to try. - Anonymous
No one who can rise before dawn three hundred sixty days a year fails to make his family rich. - Malcolm Gladwell
Change your thoughts and you change your world. - Norman Vincent Peale
One often meets his destiny on the road he takes to avoid it. - Master Oogway
We know what we are, but know not what we may be. - William Shakespeare
Always believe that something wonderful is about to happen. - Anonymous
When things are bad, remember: it won't always be this way. Take one day at a time. - Anonymous
Appreciate the people who make you smile. - Anonymous
Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how you're going to live your life. - Joel Osteen
Whatever you decide to do, make sure it makes you happy. - Anonymous
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine. - Roy T. Bennett
Always be yourself and have faith in yourself. Do not go out and look for a successful personality and try to duplicate it. - Bruce Lee
Are your excuses more important than your dreams? - Anonymous
I ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders. - Jewish Proverb
Ask yourself: Can I give more? The answer is usually: Yes. - Paul Tergat
